Leave Policy:

1. Annual Leave (Paid Time Off)

	1.1 All full-time employees are entitled to 10 days of paid annual leave per calendar year, to be accrued on a pro-rata basis depending on the length of service.

	1.2 Annual leave requests must be submitted at least 10 days in advance, except in cases of emergencies or unforeseen circumstances.

	1.3 Approval of annual leave requests is subject to the operational requirements of the company and the availability of adequate staffing.

	1.4 Unused annual leave cannot be carried forward to the next calendar year unless otherwise approved by the management.

2. Sick Leave

	2.1 All employees are entitled to 10 days of paid sick leave per calendar year.

	2.2 Sick leave requests must be communicated to the immediate supervisor or HR department as soon as possible on the day of absence.

	2.3 Medical certification may be required for sick leave exceeding 10 consecutive days.

3. Bereavement Leave

	3.1 In the unfortunate event of the death of an immediate family member (spouse, child, parent, sibling), employees are entitled to 10 days of paid bereavement leave.

	3.2 Additional unpaid leave may be granted upon approval by the management.

4. Maternity/Paternity Leave

	4.1 Female employees are entitled to 10 weeks of paid maternity leave following childbirth.

	4.2 Male employees are entitled to 10 weeks of paid paternity leave upon the birth or adoption of a child.

	4.3 Additional unpaid leave may be granted upon request, subject to approval.

5. Public Holidays

	5.1 Employees are entitled to observe all public holidays recognised by the company.

	5.2 If required to work on a public holiday, employees will be compensated with additional pay or granted compensatory time off, as per company policy.

6. Leave Without Pay

	6.1 Leave without pay may be granted at the discretion of the management upon request from employees for reasons such as personal leave, extended travel, or other personal circumstances.

	6.2 Requests for leave without pay must be submitted in writing and will be considered based on the operational requirements of the company.

7. Special Leave

	7.1 Special leave may be granted for reasons such as participation in jury duty, military service, or other legal obligations.

	7.2 Special leave may be paid or unpaid, depending on the circumstances and company policy.

8. Implementation and Review**

	8.1 This leave policy shall be communicated to all employees upon commencement of employment and reviewed annually or as necessary by the HR department in consultation with the management.
